### Syntax

### Semantics

### Truth Tables

### Rules of Inference (Modus Ponens)
Soundness (apply rule of inference all possible ways) and completeness (everything that can be derived with the rule of inference )  

A entails B iff every model in which A is true, B is also true. Because A is a subset of B.  
A rule is complete if every entailed sentence can be generated by the rule.  
Modus Ponens is not complete. 
Modus Ponens is sound.  

A -> B

### Resolution (a rule of inference)
Rewrite in conjunctive normal form to resolve because it is consistent with the truth tables.   
Deduction theorem: A entails B iff A -> B is valid, which means notA v B is valid, which means not(notA v B) is unsatisfiable, and A ^ notB is unsatisfiable.  
How to do it?
1. Eliminate <=>
2. Eliminate =>
3. Move negations in front of literals
4. rewrite as conjunctions of disjunctions A v (B ^ C) -> (A v B) ^ (A v C)

### Entailment |=
Entailment means that one thing follows from another:  
KB|= α  
Knowledge base KB entails sentence α  
if and only if α is true in all worlds where KB is true  

Assume whatever is in the Knowledge Base is True, so we want to see if the new sentence is also true. Entailment: can we derive the new sentence from the Knowledge Base? This is entailment |=

### Conjunctive Normal Form
The simplified form of logical sentences is disjunctions of conjunctions. Conjunctions are one or more terms connected by AND (^) which form a clause (conjunction). Conjunctions are connected by disjunctions 

### Example of CNF and resolution
KB:  
1). "If the maid stole the jewelry then the butler is not guilty"  
2). "Either the maid stole the jewelry or she milked the cow"  
3). "If the maid milked the cow then the butler got the cream"  
4). Show: "If the butler is guilty then he got the cream"  

Represent the phrases with acronyms (MSJ = maid stole jewelry):  
1). MSJ -> ~BG  
2). MSJ V MMC  
3). MMC -> BGC  
4). (entailed) BG -> BGC  

Convert all to CNF:  
1). ~MSJ V ~BG
2). MSJ V MMC
3). ~MMC V BGC
4). ~BG V BGC

Negate the entailed sentence to prove by contradiction:  
4). BG ^ ~BGC  
Since this is a conjunction, we are proving that both BG and ~BGC are entailed, so 4 is split in to 2  
4). BG  
5). ~BGC  

Write out the sentences to use when proving:
1). ~MSJ V ~BG
2). MSJ V MMC
3). ~MMC V BGC  
4). BG  
5). ~BGC  

Use the sentences in any order to disprove the contradiction:  
Using (1) and (2) we have (~MSJ V ~BG) ^ (MSJ V MMC) to produce (6)  
6). ~BG V MMC  
Using (6) and (3) we have (~BG V MMC) ^ (~MMC V BGC) to produce (7)  
7). ~BG V BGC  
Using (7) results in either ~BG or BGC being true which contradicts with (4) and (5)  
Therefore the sentence BG -> BGC must be entailed.  
If there is no contradiction found, you can say it is not entailed because propositional logic is decidable.  

### Horn Clauses