# Project Description and Overview
Incorporate 3D maps, physics, logistics, route planning, malfunctions, security, congestion, and cost.  
Iteration 2 - Development: In the development phase, we build the actual system to
make it work and be useful.
### Project Timeline:
11/9/2020 First Deliverable: Peer Reviews Provide feedback for your teammates on their iteration 1 design document.  
11/17/2020 & 11/19/2020 Automated Assessment We will run our extended tests once on each codebase. This will help you fix any issues you might have with our grading scripts.  
11/20/2020 Canvas / GitHub Final Deliverable: Iteration 2 All remaining business requirements. This includes the design document.  

# Background
### 2.1 The Planet X Drone Fleet
We have different types of drones and want to build the best delivery system based on their constraints, strengths, and weaknesses. In other words we are no longer working with simple drones. Besides understanding how these drones work, it is important for us to start working with real
street and topology data so that we can simulate existing environments. This is detailed below in section 2.2. Finally, we need sophisticated algorithms to accomplish efficient drone delivery based on real data.  
Specs: ```repo/project/data/planet-x.csv```  
  
### 2.2 Map Data
For ANVIL 2.0, we will be using real roadway data from the OpenStreetMap (OSM) application
to build a 3D grid of publicly available routes a drone can legally traverse. Figure 5 shows a
screenshot of the web based tool where users can export street data to an OSM file (XML file
format).
Figure 5 - The OpenStreetMap web based application.
We will also use the elevation data generated by retrieving a gtiff image from the
OpenTopography API as the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM) data. We then use a
custom python script to smoothly interpolate between the height data points, converting the data
into a grid of comma separated float values (CSV file).
Fortunately, the Rocket Visualization team has created a parser to help get the street graph
information. This parser takes in an OSM file retrieved from the OpenStreetMap application and
a height map file stored as a CSV (comma separated value) file. To convert the raw data files
into a graph of nodes and edges, you can use the following code:
entity_project::OSMGraphParser parser;
const entity_project::IGraph* graph = parser.CreateGraph("data/umn.osm",
"data/umn-height.csv");
These files are needed for parsing the UMN data into a graph and are located at the following
locations:
● OSM File:
○ repo/project/data/umn.osm
● Height File:
○ repo/project/data/umn-height.csv
